Update Docs Role Handbook based on 1.27 (#2311)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/Release-Timeline.md

### Update the site configuration files for previous releases

> Update `config.toml` files for the 4 previous releases. These need to be 4 separate PRs because each release has its own `release-` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `config.toml` files for the 4 previous releases. You need to open 4 separate PRs, because each release has its own `release-` branch.
```

> You might require changing `hugo.toml` instead of `config.toml` starting from the 1.26 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to change `hugo.toml`, instead of `config.toml`, starting from the 1.26 release.
```

Author: Sounds better

> There would not be a `release-[previous-release]` branch so you should make the pull request updating the site configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There would not be a `release-[previous-release]` branch, so you should make the pull request updating the site configuration
```

> for the previosu release targeting `main` and once you create the `release-[previous-release]` branch you should then change the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the previous release targeting `main`, and once you create the `release-[previous-release]` branch you should then change the
```

Author: Thanks!

the `Create a merge commit` method of merging.
Do not delete the dev-[future-release] when GitHub asks.

- Verify that the pull request has an `approved` and an `lgtm` label.
- Remove the hold from the on-hold integration PR when needed and merge into `main`.
- Check the [Netlify build logs](https://app.netlify.com/sites/kubernetes-io-main-staging/deploys) to make sure the
site builds successfully.
- Once the site is up, validate the docs by checking the navigation, version dropdown, [generated APIs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/),
[documentation version](https://kubernetes.io/docs/home/supported-doc-versions/), and random clicks.
> Note: Make a note of the commit hash of the integration branch merge

> > Note: In 1.28 the Docs Release Team had failing CLA checks while merging the integration branch, in hwich case they made a decision to not change history at all. Rather they merged the integration branch even with failing CLA checks since the commit did pass CLA when it was merged to `dev-1.28` and the docs team did not want to fix this by altering history due to the side effects of doing so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: In 1.28 the Docs Release Team had failing CLA checks while merging the integration branch, in which case they made a decision to not change history at all. Rather, they merged the integration branch even with failing CLA checks since the commit did pass CLA when it was merged to `dev-1.28`, and the docs team did not want to fix this by altering history due to the side effects of doing so.
```

Author: Thanks!
